hi folks Mike Stewart with bark river
knives I'd like to talk about our Bravo
one the Bravo one is actually our most
popular knife and it was developed with
the help of the testing and training
unit for force recon of the US Marines
and it is actually this is though they
tested a games keeper and the Bravo one
is actually the modifications that they
asked for of the games keeper games
keeper they were very happy with but
they wanted to eliminate the toil build
in a self guard add a ramp and have the
handle have a bit more contour which is
what they wanted it to do now so it has
the same quick taper point that a games
keeper has so you can actually pop
joints and pry things reasonably front
for knife use it they don't choke up on
it so there's no choice but they wanted
a deeper self guard and actually to use
the knife the way they wanted your thumb
is not supposed to go on the ramp it's
supposed to go in front of the ramp that
way you can bear down for notching this
was to locate where to put your thumb to
get the maximum force on this straight
section of the blade for notching so
what it turned out to be is a is a big
bushcraft course or utility knife that
was the purpose of the Bravo one we have
a another variation of it which is the
same exact knife which we call the field
version where we have eliminated the
ramp and taken the jumping from the ramp
and moved it down on the blade so you
have the Bravo one and the Bravo one
field they're identical except for the
ramp and the jumping these of course are
in black canvas because they're mine but
we do make this in about 85 handle
variations